{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red60\green59\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 What are the 'top selling' app categories in the U.S.?\
Productivity\
Tools\
Personalization\
\
Japan\
Productivity\
Games\
Tools\
\
Great Britain\
Productivity\
Music\
Tools\
\
So by looking at the Top Selling Apps and Categories in each market It appears the Productivity type apps get the mod attention. It also tells a small story about the different markets based of the number 2 spot. US users like tools to make things work the way they want them to on the device. Japan loves their gaming and Great Britain like to listen to their music on the device. \
\
What percentage of Android users have the latest/greatest OS in the U.S? in Japan? in Great Britain? How might these differences impact development?\
So I was not able to find a recent breakdown of Android OS by country. \
However Google provides stats for the overall user base.  Currently 2.3.3-2.3.7 (Gingerbread) is sitting at 55.5% (API 10). Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.3 is coming on strong and is up to 23.7%. While targeting Gingerbread API 10 is probably the best strategy, its safe to say developing for the latest and greatest is probably the most desirable for Future apps. \
Developing a "current" app should really target the largest installed base. \
\
Targeting US users is probably the most lucrative based on the statistics researched. The Price of having a Mobile device and Data Access in the US is by far the "cheapest" and therefore has a wider range of users. \
\
}